tf_cnn/README.md, before:

# Running Tensorflow CNN in a tekton Pipeline with Openshift

## Getting started

**Requirements**
- An Openshift cluster with 60 GB memory and 32 cpu cores.


## Running Tensorflow CNN

### Starting and stopping the pipeline

To setup the pipeline, run the setup script.
`./setup.sh`

To run the pipeline, execute the run script.
`./run_pipeline.sh`

To delete the pipeline resources, run the drop script.  
`./drop_pipeline.sh`

## Analyzing Tensorflow CNN

To get the logs from the benchmark run, as well as the final result, run the get_logs script  
`./get_logs.sh`

The file `logs.txt` will contain the entirety of the output from when the benchmark was run, and `result.txt` will give you the final results.

### About the pipeline process

The pipeline is comprised of two tasks, `build` and `run-benchmark`.
Once the pipeline run is triggered, it starts with the build task and will build a new image with all the tools necessary for running tf_cnn.  
After the build is finished, the pipeline will run the container image. This image will time how long it takes to run the benchmark, and tell you at the end.  
To track the progress of your tasks, you can use the cluster UI under Workloads > Pods > <your pod> > Logs.  
See the [mlperf repo](https://github.com/mlperf/training/tree/master/tf_cnn/tensorflow) for more information about the benchmark.

Commit message:

minor changes after running the code

tf_cnn/README.md, after:

## Running tf_cnn_benchmarks on Openshift-Pipelines

**Requirements**
- create a project named `mlperf` on Openshift cluster 3.11
```
oc new-project mlperf
oc create sa mlperf
oc adm policy add-role-to-user edit -z mlperf -n mlperf
oc adm policy add-scc-to-user privileged -z mlperf -n mlperf
```


### Starting and stopping the pipeline

Run the setup script to create Tasks, Pipelines
`./setup.sh`

To run the pipeline, execute the run script.
`./run_pipeline.sh`

To delete the pipeline , task resources execute the drop_pipeline script.   
`./drop_pipeline.sh`
  
To get the logs from the benchmark run, as well as the final result, run the get_logs script  
`./get_logs.sh`
The file `logs.txt` will contain the entirety of the output from when the benchmark was run, and `result.txt` will give you the final results.


The pipeline is comprised of two tasks, `build` and `run-benchmark`.
See the [tf_cnn_benchmarks](https://github.com/tensorflow/benchmarks/tree/master/scripts/tf_cnn_benchmarks) for more information about the benchmark.
